Please give a description of your proposed project, including: why you are
interested in the project, the likely outputs (if known), and how you expect to
benefit from undertaking it. If you are unsure exactly what your project will
entail, please focus on why you are interested in doing a summer project and
how you think you will benefit from doing it.


IDEAS: rely on cross-pollination of ideas and fields with comparative
advantage

My own interests and possible comparative advantage: computational political
science, MCMC, game theory, mechanism design, causal inference, Bayesian
statistics, data science 

Collaborators' comparative advantage: maths, physics, graphics, compsci,
engineering, C++

## Proposal One: Computational political science

Over the past year, I have been working in the field of computational political
science, in particular computational geometry and gerrymandering. My thesis in
Politics uses Markov Chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) methods to generate an unbiased
ensemble of districting plans.

This first proposal mainly involves expanding upon my previous work. I have
been collaborating with Professors Nicholas Eubank and Jonathan Rodden, and aim
to finalise our working paper "Accounting for Travel Times in Estimating
Political Dislocation" this summer. I would also like to polish up/ add to my
thesis and put up a working paper.

This summer, I have already made plans to work for the Metric Geometry and
Gerrymandering Group (MGGG). I will be building a geovisualisation library in
Julia and performing statistical analyses to identify communities of interest.
I will try and write a working paper with the head of the group, Professor Moon
Duchin.

Likely outputs: at least two working papers, try to publish. This is a
continuation of my research and closely relates to my upcoming Master's in data
science.

## Proposal Two: Collaborative path tracer

But what really excites me is not my own limited sphere of comparative
advantage. Instead, it's collaborating with my friends at Merton who are much
more intelligent than I am. The best thing about Merton is that you have many
excellent people studying radically different things. Yet the courses we study
are so siloed!  That's why I want to seize the opportunity this summer and work
with my friends before they (and I) get so busy this year.

My second proposal is to build a path tracer, which combines computer graphics
(compsci), optics (physics), and an MCMC proposal function (statistics).  Ross
knows a lot about physics, Doyun knows a lot about computer graphics and
rendering, and I know very little about anything because I studied PPE--but at
least I am keen. We will build the ray tracer from scratch in Julia, starting
simply by shooting out one ray per pixel of the camera, working out where it
intersects surfaces, then generating a second ray by sampling from the
bidirectional reflectance function (BDRF) of that surface. We will then repeat
this procedure many times until we get an image.

This project will make me really understand the maths behind MCMC, which will
give me a huge headstart in my Master's course. The project will also teach me
HPC/GPU programming, which will be useful for my future data
science work.

Likely outputs: We most probably won't produce any publishable work, but we
should be able to build a nice raytracer, render pretty pictures, and learn a
lot from the process.

## How I'll benefit from the award

Both my MCMC simulations and path-tracing are very compute-intensive tasks, so
the award would go to purchasing cloud compute or (if necessary) building our
own machine. Ross has expressed an interest in working with the new ray tracing
cores in the 2080Ti GPU, which is quite expensive (>1000 GBP).

## "Quantum game theory 

Sounds like a buzzword but I think it's about correlated equilibria when
players are allowed to share quantum information

The physics community seems to have abandoned it and no active work is on
it

- Zhang (2010), Quantum Strategic Game Theory
- Grabbe (2005), An Introduction to Quantum Game Theory
